Your Rights as a Data Subject
You can exercise the following rights at any time using the contact details provided by our data protection officer:

Information about your data stored by us and their processing (Art. 15 GDPR),
Correction of incorrect personal data (Art. 16 GDPR),
Deletion of your data stored by us (Art. 17 GDPR),
Restriction of data processing, insofar as we are not yet allowed to delete your data due to legal obligations (Art. 18 GDPR),
Objection to the processing of your data by us (Art. 21 GDPR) and
Data portability, provided you have consented to data processing or have concluded a contract with us (Art. 20 GDPR).
If you have given us your consent, you can revoke it at any time with future effect.

You can contact a supervisory authority at any time with a complaint, e.g. to the competent supervisory authority in the state of your place of residence or to the authority responsible for us.


Payments
We use third party services to facilitate payment transactions (known as "merchant of record").

We do not store payment information ourselves. The data is provided to us by our service providers, which in turn manage their data through their own privacy policy.

Patreon: https://privacy.patreon.com/policies.


Links to External Websites
Our service may contain links to external websites that are not operated by us.

We do not have any control over their content and privacy policy, accordingly we do not assume any responsibility in this regard.


Children
Our services do not knowingly process data from children (under the age of 13).


Changes to Our Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to adapt this data protection declaration so that it always corresponds to the current legal requirements or to implement changes to our services in the data protection declaration, for example when introducing new services. The new data protection declaration then applies to your next visit.


Questions to the Data Protection Officer
If you have any questions about data protection, please send us an email or contact the person responsible for data protection in our organization directly:

Email: maximed2002.dwym@gmail.com
